"wiku" License Version 0.0 (Draft)

Copyright (c) 2019 Zishuo Zhao

Permission is hereby granted to any individual or legal entity
obtaining a copy of this licensed work (including the source code,
documentation and/or related items, hereinafter collectively referred
to as the "licensed work"), free of charge, to deal with the licensed
work for any purpose, including without limitation, the rights to use,
reproduce, modify, prepare derivative works of, distribute, publish 
and sublicense the licensed work, subject to the following conditions:

1. The individual or the legal entity must conspicuously display,
without modification, this License and the notice on each redistributed 
or derivative copy of the Licensed Work.

2. The individual or the legal entity must respect the nature of himself 
and all employees and collaborators, and must not impose its own values
or restrict their right to pursue the lifestyle they love by heart.

3. ("Bi-Colored Chain") The individual or the legal entity must, under 
absolutely any circumstance, believe in the hope of life and behave in
a positive way towards the future. Under no circumstance should it 
abandon or deliberately destroy their own wish to make a positive 
difference merely because of its own despair.

THE LICENSED WORK IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM,
DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTION WITH THE
LICENSED WORK OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE LICENSED WORK.
